feat: initial docs for release practices and project status (#7)
momentohq/standards-and-practices: docs/momento-on-github.md

Here is a list of the different Project Statuses that our open source projects may be assigned:

| Status                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|-----------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![official](./badges/project-status-official.svg)   | Fully supported projects, such as our official SDKs.  Any bugs, performance issues, or user experience issues in these projects are of utmost importance to us and we will strive to address them as quickly as possible.                                                                                            |

> | ![official](./badges/project-status-incubating.svg) | These projects are considered experimental, not mature enough, or lacking in some manner or release quality such testing and supporting documentation. They are provided as-is. You're welcome to use them.  Projects that garner a lot of community interest will be considered for promotion to 'official' status. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![incubating](./badges/project-status-incubating.svg) | These projects are considered experimental, not mature enough, or lacking in release quality such as testing or supporting documentation. They are provided as-is. You're welcome to use them.  Projects that garner a lot of community interest will be considered for promotion to 'official' status. |
```

## Project Stability

| Status                                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|----------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ![official](./badges/project-stability-experimental.svg) | Experimental means "try it only in toy projects".  We are just trying out an idea and want some users to play with it and give feedback. If it doesn't work out, we may drop it any minute.                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![experimental](./badges/project-stability-experimental.svg) | Experimental means "try it only in toy projects".  We are just trying out an idea and want some users to play with it and give feedback. If it doesn't work out, we may drop it any minute.                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | ![official](./badges/project-stability-alpha.svg)        | Alpha means "use at your own risk, expect migration issues": We decided to productize this idea, but it hasn't reached the final shape yet.                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![alpha](./badges/project-stability-alpha.svg)        | Alpha means "use at your own risk, expect migration issues": We decided to productize this idea, but it hasn't reached its final shape yet.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
